the Israeli war planes targeted the
apartment of the Sam family in Alaura
neighborhood that's in jabalia refugee
camp in Northern Gaza the civil defense
units and medical teams are doing their
best to recover the bodies of the Dead
which have become Torn to Pieces the
volume of Destruction here is massive
according to the neighbors here a number
of people are still under the rubble
this is another person that was killed
being recovered the search operations
are still ongoing the medical teams and
civil defense units are facing enormous
difficulties while doing their job a
third person that was killed is now
being retrieved from inside this house
destroyed by Israeli war planes of
course the search operations are ongoing
and continuous for a number of missing
people after the violent Israeli raid on
this home the frequency of the raids
intensifies and increases during the
night targeting the homes of safe
citizens we were surprised and shocked
by the Israeli air strike tons of bombs
are used against the civilians in the
shelters we suffer every
day we Face a lot of difficulties to do
our job and recover people from under
the rubble the search operations are
ongoing for the missing people Israeli
raids on homes of defenseless
Palestinian civilians increase at night
a third person that was killed is now
being retrieved from inside this house
destroyed by Israeli war planes of
course the search operations are ongoing
and continuous for a number of missing
people after the violent Israeli raid on
this home the frequency of the raids
intensifies and increases during the
night targeting the homes of
Palestinians with every Israeli raid
there are numbers of dead most of them
are women and children
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer